Ahem!
Damn it.
Ow. that hurts.
You need to go to Bar Harbor
Hospital for an endoscopy.
This could be
a bowel obstruction.
What kind of business is this?
Well. I need another doctor
to check my feet?
Another for my eyes?
Yes. that's exactly
how it works.
Yes. uh. you need to go
to Bar Harbor right now
unless you've recently eaten
fermented sewage.
The heck with you!
Oh. God.
Where's my hand sanitizer?
Hello.
Welcome to Let's Unpack This
with Elaine.
Today. let's see
what we're unboxing.
Ooh. hand sanitizer.
Elaine. what on...
- Try again. honey.
- No trying again.
We can't lose the practice time.
- The Sleep-In is tomorrow.
- The what?
It's the sleepover
at the school.
All the high schoolers
bring sleeping bags.
They play games.
Oh. there's always
this amazing pillow fight.
I can do the wake-up call
in the morning.
Stop that now.
Actually. you know what. doc?
You should come.
Because a lot of adults
actually do chaperone.
It's very fun. It's a night
to feel like a little kid again.
Why would anyone want to feel
like a kid again?
Because they have
happy memories.
Oh. I've never
understood nostalgia.
Doc. I owe you a co-pay.
but I'm short this month.
No...
Please accept Bertha as payment.
She's a good chicken. doc.
She's my best chicken.
- Bye. Bertha.
- No. no! No.
Let's see what
we have here. an otoscope.
Elaine.
I've been looking for that!
Will you please
put the bugle down?
Robert.
Vanessa. What...
What are you doing here?
I could ask you
the same question.
What. just...
- Doc! Doc!
- Not usually like this.
I ran into a hornet's nest!
My balls are on fire!
No. no. in there!
This is madness.
Robert. do something.
No. I-I've got this
under control. mother.
Oh. my gosh. doc.
These are your parents?
I am their offspring. Yes.
Where did he go?
Here. Hold this.
What time did it happen?
- This attack on your genitals.
- Just now.
He's my patient.
- You don't have to... Wow.
- Yeah.
Wow. That is significant
swelling.
Hmm.
Well. some hydrocortisone cream
should do the trick.
What? No. steroid shots
to the scrotum
is gonna relieve
the inflammation faster.
Yes. but far more invasive
to the patient.
A shot in my where?
Would you rather have testicles
the size
of cantaloupes
for one day or one week?
- What was that?
- What?
- My nuts are still burning.
You don't need a shot.
I'll send a prescription
to the pharmacy.
Well. at least give him
an ice pack to relieve
- the swelling.
- Thanks. doc.
It's Doctor Best.
- Yeah.
Thank you so much for joining.
So. where are you guys staying?
- At a hotel in Bar Har...
- What?
You should be staying here.
I can set up the guest room.
- Oh. no. not necessary...
- No. really.
- I don't think...
- Ever second together. right?
- Family time.
- Well...
Yay.
I need to speak with you.
What could it be?
My God!
My bao bun stress reliever.
Are you just filming yourself
unpacking things?
Yeah. but. you know.
in. like. a cute way.
This is very big right now.
- Oh. You're adorable.
- Hmm.
But not as adorable
as you think.
- Oh. what?
- Radical honesty.
It is the foundation of
my psychiatric practice.
- You're welcome.
- Vanessa.
Oh.
Thank you.
Have you noticed anything off
with Robert lately?
No. What do you mean?
Rigid movements?
Physical tics?
I mean. his father
had Parkinson's.
his mother had dementia.
He could have
a neurological predisposition.
Your father is perfectly
healthy. Martin.
And that's that.
So. thank you
for seeing me. Louisa.
- Of course. Of course.
- I have wonderful news.
Oh. we raised enough money
to save the school.
Actually.
you're the new principal.
- Oh. What...
- Congratulations.
Yeah. I-I-I've quit.
- Oh.
- Yeah. greener pastures.
And. uh. there's no one
more deserving
than you to be
our new principal.
Oh. my... Wow.
I. gosh. have so many questions.
When. when.
when would this start?
- Immediately.
- Oh.
Also. side note.
the school is closing
at the end of the semester.
- School board just decided.
- What?
Oh. wait. So...
So-so you're just bailing?
- Yeah.
- But...
But the-the Sleep-In
is tomorrow night.
Oh.
Yeah. You'll wait till after
to tell them?
- What?
- Or don't.
You know. you can let them
finish this semester.
Send an e-mail.
You know. they'll figure it out.
Wait. I have to send them
an e-mail?
You're the principal.
aren't you?
Right.
Uh. almost forgot.
I don't even get the chair?
So. why are you here.
out of the blue?
Well. we wanted to find out
what you gave it all up for.
Now. you had
a flourishing career.
a townhouse in Cambridge.
and now you're here
with chickens
and bugles and men
with cantaloupe balls.
I needed a change of pace.
- A change of pace?
- Mm-hmm.
Do you have any idea how
embarrassing it is for us?
Every event. all our peers.
all our colleagues.
they all want to know what
happened. what went wrong.
Your poor mother.
She can't go to
the salon without being
peppered with questions.
I'm desperate for
a keratin treatment.
I know. sweetheart.
Well. I'm sorry it's been
so difficult for you
and your hair.
Apologies.
Apparently. this was the only
time the sink could be fixed.
Don't change the subject.
What happened?
I. uh...
- Oh. this is insufferable!
- It's an assault on the ears!
- Robert.
- What?
- Your head.
- What about my head?
- Vanessa.
- What?
- I need to examine you.
- Don't be ridiculous.
Oh. please. make it stop.
That's it. That's it.
Get out.
- Don't you think I should...
- Get out! Out! Out!
That's done.
When did he start doing this?
Oh. you know.
he can sleep through anything.
What?
See. He's fine.
What did you say?
Damn it!
I. uh. I typically take
my morning walk alone.
Well. I just thought I'd make
sure you don't get lost.
Why. here?
Town's even smaller
than I remembered.
But just as ridiculous.
Whose dog is that?
Why is it following us?
I have no idea.
Never seen that dog
before in my life.
Uh. filthy beast.
Robert. where did you go
last night?
Up the stairs.
turned left and under the duvet.
But that's not true. I...
I-I saw you get in the car.
Do you not remember?
Listen. I'm still your father.
If I say I didn't go out.
I didn't go out.
- Well. I'm sorry. but I...
- Oh. Filthy mongrel.
Well. he has a point.
Shoo!
Just shoo.
Pajamas.
How charming.
- Why?
- It's Sleep-In day.
- Mm. Beats nudity day.
- No. that's next month.
- Kidding.
- I remember my Sleep-In.
Pamela Cartwright kissed me in
the "seven minutes
in heaven" closet.
- Hey.
- With tongue.
Doc. what's the favorite
school memory of yours?
The day I left because
I like being a grown up.
wearing grown up clothes
and doing grown up things.
What do we have. a stethoscope!
- Wow.
- Give me that.
Beer me!
Whoa. Sar?
My nasty brother and his witchy
wife are coming to see me.
I haven't seen them in 11 years.
- They're up to something.
- Or they just miss you.
- No. No.
- No.
They're about as warm
as freezer burn.
Here. try this grilled cheese.
- Mm.
- What is in that?
- It smells like feet.
- Truffle oil.
Well. save yourself the truffle.
That tastes like crap.
An old chef friend of George's
just got a Michelin Star.
It's time that I challenge
myself again.
So. for tonight at the Sleep-In.
I'm thinking polenta and
sun-dried tomato croquettes.
lambchops.
shishito. chimichurri.
We're talking for teenagers.
right. from Port Wenn?
I need to spread
my culinary wings!
- Teenagers.
- From Port Wenn.
You know. why do I even bother?
Pearls before swine.
Pearls before... Oh. no. no. no.
I didn't mean you. Brisket.
I meant you.
I had George make us
a little something.
- Looks edible.
- Looks it.
I remember when you
used to eat your boogers.
I never did.
I can't imagine you both
growing up in Port Wenn.
going to the Blueberry Festival.
After we left.
we never looked back.
- Why would we?
- Yeah. right.
The past is the past.
Better just to sweep it
all under the rug. right?
Sarah. your tough act
does not mask your deep regret
and shame about
your life choices.
If anything. it emphasizes it.
Shut up. Vanessa.
And while we're on
the subject of
radical honesty.
how about this one?
Why are you here?
I've decided to sell the house.
- My house?
- What?
My house. It was left to me.
I'm the eldest son.
- I directly asked you...
- Robert. you can't do this.
Why now? Hmm?
Because it's time for us
to retire. travel the world.
Oh! So. you're off on a safari
looking at the zebras
while I'm back here
living on the street
licking donuts
out of a dumpster.
You're welcome to buy
the house from me if you can.
How would I pay for that?
- In lobsters?
- If you like.
I know you've had it
harder than most.
but that doesn't give you
an excuse to be cruel.
How dare you bring that up?
This has nothing to do
with that.
You mean her?
Vanessa. we're leaving.
Come on.
Aunt Sarah. I could. if you'd
like to buy. I'd chip in.
make up the rest
after your saving.
No. I'm not taking charity
from my nephew.
Go on. get out.
What happened?
Oh. I-I-I swerved
to avoid a squirrel.
Since when have you cared
about squirrels?
Wait!
Are you Martin's parents?
I'm his best friend.
Sheriff Mark.
You don't seem remotely
intelligent enough
to be Martin's peer.
That's a good one.
Mrs. V.
I can see where Marty
gets his sense of humor. Wow!
Look at this family moment.
Okay. bring it in.
Bring it in for a big hug.
Yeah. Wow.
- Okay. uh...
- Whoo!
Okay. back to business.
It seems as though your
insurance has expired. sir.
Uh. no. there's-there's
a mistake.
Did you forget to pay the bill?
No. no. no. I paid the bill.
There's been a mistake.
Didn't you hear me?
Robert?
Anyway. so if
we're finished here...
Doc Senior.
Come on. get in the car.
Doc Junior.
Come on.
There. a clock.
I am absolutely fine.
There is no need for all this.
- No need.
- Something's not right.
You're falling asleep
during the day.
You're out at night. I...
Even if you won't admit it.
What's going on?
All right. don't tell
your mother this.
But I'm on a new medication.
Keeps me awake at night.
So sometimes.
I drive around a little
if I can't sleep.
That's all.
That's why you left
the other night?
Yeah.
- You crashed.
- Bumped a bush.
- What's the medication for?
- An enlarged prostate.
It's a new alpha
reductase inhibitor.
- What's the name of the drug?
- Um. it's called...
- You can't remember?
- Of course I can remember.
I just can't recall it
this minute.
Fine. I'll go check
the bottle myself.
It's in your suitcase?
No. I took the last one
this morning.
Threw it out.
But you need to take it daily.
Yeah. I ordered a refill.
I pick it up later today.
What's the name of
the local pharmacy?
Sally's.
This inquisition is over.
Stamps.
Maybe I'll use one someday.
- Let's see what's next.
- Not this. Vanessa.
Doc. the stomach pain's
gotten worse.
- I think I'm dying.
- Okay. let me examine you.
I'm a gastric surgeon.
That's my specialty.
Farley. you need to go
to Bar Harbor.
- But you said gas. man.
- Oh!
- You said...
- I said to go to Bar Harbor.
Doc. doc.
- Oh!
- Eww. what is that?
- Oh. trichophagia.
- Trichophagia.
What?
- It's a hairy...
Take it away.
It's a compulsive disorder
where the patient pulls out
and consumes their own hair.
forming an obstruction
in the stomach
called. uh. trichobezoar.
Hairball.
Could I go now?
Yes. To Bar Harbor
for endoscopic removal.
That is just the tip
of the iceberg.
- I'll call them myself.
- Well. here's your hat.
What's your name?
You want to clear that up?
It's unhygienic.
My gosh.
Oh. my gosh.
I caught all of that.
I'm going viral.
Is this what you're going to do
with your life?
What?
Well. you could create art.
Work that stirs the soul
instead of broadcasting
literal trash.
Is that what you want to do?
Be a garbage person?
Vanessa. that's enough.
No. doc. please.
It's okay.
It's fine. It's fine.
Got. um. got thick skin.
you know. like a rhino.
Well. hello. Dr. Best.
How can I help you?
I'm here to pick up some pills
for Robert Best.
Mm. nothing's been
called in for that.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
But now I know
where you get your looks.
Robert's got va-va-voom.
- Can we not today?
- Okay. fine.
But wait. how would you know...
about the va-va-voom?
He came in early this morning.
bought some minutes
for his flip phone.
His what?
Looks like daddy's got
a burner phone.
Get your coffee. folks.
Extra caffeinated.
Hey! Refills all night long.
Got to stay up.
I can't believe
it's the last one.
I know. Fort Wenn Day done?
Come on. guys. last one.
Uh. this building holds
the childhoods
of the whole town.
All the memories are here.
Oh. gosh. I remember
my Sleep-In.
Danny Karn made me laugh
so hard. I peed on his leg.
Mom. gross!
Okay. thank you so much
for coming early
to help set up. um...
Now. remember. no matter how sad
we are. that our beloved.
historic. magical. welcoming
and accepting school is closing.
we're doing this for the kids.
So. so. let's make this
one of the best nights
in our little
Port Wenn Day lives. Okay?
Hell yeah.
Let's make this the best Sleep
In Port Wenn has ever seen!
- Yeah. baby.
- Thank you. Mark.
Okay. uh. headquarters
are this way.
I think you'll remember
the memory tree.
- Aw. look at that.
- Ooh.
Wait. Let's go find
our pictures.
Mmm. Senior play.
Hey. what's wrong?
You went viral today.
I know.
Do you think that
I'm. like. a garbage person?
Whoa. what?
Like. someone that just puts
more stupid crap into the world?
I love your shows.
Look. dork alert.
Oh. no. don't.
Smartest dork in Port Wenn Day.
Oh. not the smartest.
Al. you had perfect
scores on your SATS
in Math and English.
You know those scores are good
for five years. right?
You're smart.
Wow. Can't believe
this will all be over.
I love this school.
everything about it.
I even love the school song.
you know?
I know it's corny.
but. like. made me feel
so strong and proud.
like I could overcome
any obstacle.
♪ Though the path winds
far and high ♪
♪ We would travel it together
Kind of feel like
maybe we shouldn't
have gotten back together.
What?
Saved ourselves those
eight years?
Mark. Mark. you can't mean that.
I do though. because it's like.
what's the point
of having all those
happy memories
if they're just over?
Still beating yourself up
over that. sweetie?
Martin. we're going out
for a snack.
Yeah. apparently.
you don't eat anything.
Nothing but blueberries
and ketchup in there.
Who eats that?
Robert. I'm glad you called.
This is Dr. Martin Best.
Dr. Robert Best's son.
Who is this?
Does it bother you
not having a living room?
You never grew out
of the fidgeting. I see.
I wanna ask you something.
and I want you to be honest.
Okay.
- Who's Francesca?
- What?
Francesca. Who is she?
Have you been going through
my things?
- Are you having an affair?
- A what?
An affair? No!
I would never!
You're confusing me
with your Aunt Sarah.
What? What does that mean?
Robert. what's going on?
What's going on is.
we're leaving.
I'll go pack.
Of course. dear.
Martin. what have you done?
Welcome. everyone!
Welcome to the Sleep-In!
- Yeah. last one ever.
- Hey. shh!
Hey. no running. okay?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah!
- Okay. maybe a little...
- A little running. Oh. okay.
Look at your PJ's.
So cute.
If it's meat.
then why is it green?
Uh. it's a chimichurri sauce.
It's chimi-gross. Ugh.
- You did not.
- Oops.
Where's all the normal food?
Like. ew.
Oh. you think it's ew?
- Show me! Show me!
- I will end you. little girl!
Put down the dip. dear.
- Thank you so much.
- Put the dip down. dear.
- Put the dip down.
- Oh. my gosh.
Don't sink to his level.
You're better than this.
Come on. get some air.
- Entre nous.
- What's that?
- Ooh.
- Between us.
- Keep it quiet.
- Thank you.
Forgot my...
Thank you.
I just. it's what the kids want.
Yeah.
Traitor.
"Chimmi-gross."
Boom.
Bedazzle me. ladies.
Make me shine so bright.
it blinds you.
This coffee packs a punch.
Whoo. bring it on!
Yes.
- You little jackass.
- Get her. Sarah.
Get her. Sarah.
Maybe too much sugar.
Guess what time it is?
Find a mosquito!
Maybe too much coffee.
Skeeter! Skeeter!
Last year's winner.
Britney Perkins.
has hidden a mosquito.
God job. Britney!
- Okay. now. remember...
- Good job. Britney!
Remember. it can be anywhere
in the school.
and whoever finds it first
will be the Skeeter Leader
until next year.
Skeeter Leader!
Well. I mean.
maybe not until next year.
You know what. guys? Just...
Just try and soak up
every moment of this.
Every memory. every smell.
Are we gonna get started
or what?
Okay. all right. all right.
all right.
Ready. set. go!
Yes!
Okay. come on.
I love this game.
Wait. wait. wait!
Mark. it's for the kids.
Not if I find them first!
Wait for me!
- Wait. wait. wait.
- Okay.
Okay. this way.
Wait. wait! She would never
put it in there.
It's too dark and dangerous.
Exactly.
It's the one place that
nobody would actually
think to look.
Okay.
- Mark?
- What the...
What did you find?
Oh...
Huh.
Okay. okay.
Thank you. Yes. urgent.
Doc.
Mark. how you doing?
What do you mean?
I'm good.
I'm so good.
Why do you ask?
Well. uh. you have
a wire sticking out...
Oh. that? That is all good.
Hey. did anybody find
the mosquito yet?
That is such a good game.
Yeah. yeah. um.
what-what's happening?
Can you hold this for me?
Just right there.
Thanks.
Mark. you're in shock.
And when it wears off.
you might feel...
Why would I be in shock?
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Have you tried
George's lambchops?
They were weird.
Is there any more coffee?
So now I'm just gonna
cut your shirt
open a little so I can
better examine you. okay.
- Cut it. doc.
- How long until
the ambulance comes?
Uh-uh. I don't know. There's
an accident up the coast.
- Damn it.
- What is it?
I'm worried about
inter-abdominal bleeding.
"I'm worried about inter..."
He's so funny.
Hell. we gotta call
your damn father.
He's in here.
Move. move. move.
I've got the doctor.
Here. I've got him.
I've got him.
What have you done here?
Let's have a look. Oh. boy.
Hey. doc.
Oh. Doc Senior.
What are you guys doing here?
Did you try George's lambchops?
- Hey. stop talking.
- All right.
Yeah. This guy's gonna need
intravenous antibiotics
once we remove
that foreign object.
You're not thinking
of extracting him here.
Removal could cause
hemorrhaging.
We should wait
for the ambulance.
Ordinarily. yes. but with
delayed emergency services.
the longer we leave it.
the greater
the risk of infection.
Docs. Hey. no need for alarm.
but I think I'm understanding
now where you were talking
about-about the shock one.
Hey. do you know
where my mom is?
Is my mom here?
Do you know my mom?
Can somebody please get my mom?
- Yeah. Yeah. I'll get her.
- Thank you.
I'm going up.
I'll-I'll get her.
Sarah's getting your mom. okay?
Getting your mom.
We're getting your mom.
- Excuse me.
- Sorry.
- Geneva?
- Huh?
- What's going on?
- Can we can we do anything?
- Just hold my hand.
Okay.
Well. the obstruction
doesn't appear to have
pierced the gastric wall.
so we should go ahead
and remove it right away.
No. I disagree.
We should cut the wire.
leave it in
and wait till we can get to
a proper OR in Bar Harbor.
Cut the wire?
Cut it with what?
That's the most idiotic thing
I ever heard.
Well. I...
I. I just think
that the room's not sanitary.
and there'll be a lot of.
you know... blood.
Well. obviously.
Why do you get
scared of a bit
of blood. doctor?
Is my mom here. 'cause
it's starting to kind of...
Move. move. move. move. move.
I've got Sally.
She's here.
Mama.
It's okay. Marky.
I love you. baby.
It's going to be o-kay.
Okay. mom.
Geez. is everybody crazy here?
Mikey.
Or we could do it your way
and call the coroner.
No. no. your plan it is.
Let's do this. doc.
Get me off this thing.
Okay. I have to wait
for the anesthetic to take.
Hey. Doc Senior. if you get
this out of me without losing
my liver. I'll waive that
speeding ticket
from the other night.
What speeding ticket?
The one outside the casino.
Don't listen to him.
He's obviously delirious.
The casino. the unpaid bills.
the phone calls.
You've been gambling.
haven't you?
Oh. grow up.
We all blow off steam
in our own way.
I play a little baccarat
and I bet on Japanese baseball.
Robert?
You've been staying up
all night.
That's why you're so tired.
falling asleep during the day.
There's no new medication.
You just can't stop. can you?
Just. you know. wondering
what this has to do
with the thing
sticking out of my...
Sorry. Mark.
But we still have to wait
for the anesthetic to kick in.
- Who's Francesca?
- She places my bets for me.
All right?
You're satisfied?
Francesca. the woman we wired
$10.000 to for life insurance.
Oh. guys. can we maybe
do this later?
That's why you need
Aunt Sarah's house. isn't it?
- How much have you lost?
- A lot.
- Oh. my God. Robert.
- And the ticks?
It's from extreme stress. right?
Yeah. well. my doctor might
have said something about that.
This is mortifying. Robert.
Absolutely... humiliating.
Oh. my God. can't we make
this another time?
Talk about needing
to unpack this.
Doc. hey. I'm not
in shock anymore.
I'm impaled and I'm in pain.
And I'm freaking out!
Mark. even with the anesthetic.
it's still gonna hurt.
I need you to calm down.
Calm down now.
Now stop blubbering
like a schoolgirl.
- Aahh!
- Ah. man. Keep it quiet.
That's no way to talk
to a patient in distress.
The patient needs to shut up.
'cause I can't concentrate.
Well. he's not just a patient.
he's a person.
Does anyone know of anything
that will calm Mark down?
I do.
Mark.
♪ Though the path winds far and high ♪
♪ We will travel together
♪ Though the river's deep and wide ♪
♪ We will forge across each other ♪
Brilliant.
♪ For we are the students...
That's it. Mark.
just focus on the song. okay?
Just focus on the song.
♪ Make the world a brighter better place ♪
♪ And we listen to our teachers... ♪
Keep singing.
♪ And we study history
♪ And compete on fields of glory ♪
♪ To achieve our history
♪ For we are the students
♪ Of Fort Wenn Day
♪ Where we learn to make the world ♪
♪ A brighter better place
Now!
- Whoa. I'm free!
- That's-that's a lot of blood.
- That's a lot of blood.
- Yeah. I-I'll be right back.
Hey. Hey. Martin. Hey.
- Martin?
- Mm.
- It's Louisa. It's me.
- Uh. yeah.
Okay? Hi. Hi.
You're gonna be okay?
Uh-huh.
Yeah. Just breathe.
Look at me.
Martin. we got to do
something about this.
Yeah. I've been trying
exposure therapy.
leaving vials of blood around.
- You?
- Yes. Yeah.
Not even helping.
Can I do anything?
Can you just stay here...
please?
Yeah. I think
I understand you more now.
Seeing your parents.
Yeah. They're rare breed.
aren't they?
What is it?
I've been trying to
get through the Sleep-In.
make everybody happy.
but... I'm sad.
I don't want to put on a smile.
I want to be sad about
the school closing.
I want to feel sad.
I want to talk about it.
remember the good times
and the not so good times.
If I don't. it feels like
it never happened.
That's what my parents did
after the accident.
We stopped... talking.
forged through. pretended
everything was fine.
You don't have to be like that.
Like them.
Kiss. kiss. kiss. kiss. kiss!
It's the "seven minutes
in heaven" closet.
Okay.
Guys. Come on. guys.
Okay. let us out.
Not until you kiss!
You guys. the EMTs just got here
and they are hot!
Come on.
I got to see those EMTs.
you know?
So. yeah.
Understood.
Thank you.
- Yes!
- Wow.
Wow.
It was a. it was a good shot.
Are you. are you okay?
I don't need your pity.
How about another pinata?
That I would take.
After all these years
of supporting him.
and this is what I get?
Humiliated.
What a cliche.
Well. the champion of
radical honesty.
And I couldn't even see
what was going on
with my own husband.
Now everyone will get
a good laugh over that.
Look. I don't. I don't know
what you're going through.
but I do know how it feels when
everyone can see
your worst moments.
when your personal life
is... on display.
Um. and all I can say is that...
it will pass.
You're...
kind.
Genuine kindness is rare.
He'd be a fool
not to love you back.
What?
I may not know what's
going on in my own home.
but I can tell
you're in love with my son.
- Uh...
- Good luck.
The Best men...
are difficult.
So you really do this
every year?
Yeah.
Thank God it's the last one.
Aunt Sarah...
why did I stop coming
to see you years ago?
Oh. boy.
- Why are you asking this now?
- I don't know.
I've always wondered.
and I just want to know.
I was having an affair
with a married man.
He was the principal here...
and... your father
said I was making
a fool of myself
and was ruining
the family name and that
if I didn't stop
seeing him that...
that he wouldn't let you
visit anymore.
So that's why you stopped
coming in the summers.
Because I chose him.
I chose the man over you.
What?
Why are you smiling like that?
I-I always thought
you just got sick of me.
And you've been carrying
this all these years.
Well. I'm not everyone's
cup of tea.
So what happened to him?
Well. the wife found out
and. uh...
and they-they moved away.
So... lose-lose.
Can you ever forgive me?
No.
Because there's nothing
you need to be forgiven for.
- I wouldn't go that far.
- It's just a hug.
I'm not gonna squeeze you
to death.
It's debatable.
Hey. Mark.
Mark?
- Hey.
- How are you feeling?
I almost died. and I would
have died mad at the person
who knows me best
in the whole world.
It's time for me to move on.
Hm. Mark.
It almost makes it worth
getting impaled.
Not really. but almost.
Hey. partner.
Hey. Yes.
You saved my life.
You really are my best bud.
You're. uh... welcome.
- All right. Time to go.
- Oh. Ahem.
This one.
Perfect potato salmon
creme fresh.
It's genius. Georgie.
These kids do not know
what they are missing.
Thank you.
I might have overreacted
to Dante getting Michelin Star.
Oh. no.
No. No. no. no. no. no.
- I see.
- No.
Uh. George.
- George.
- Uh. what?
Uh-huh? Yeah?
Yes!
Where's Vanessa?
Inside. plotting her revenge.
She'll never forgive me.
you know?
She might.
- Maybe you should talk.
- There's nothing to talk about.
Well. of course.
past is in the past. right?
Oh. don't you start. too.
Don't you think it's odd...
that we've never talked
about what happened?
Not once.
Now. we never...
I've never held a pity party.
It's not a pity party.
Stop it.
That's the problem.
What are you saying?
I'm saying that I can't remember
the last time you said
my sister's name.
Don't be ridiculous.
Of course I have.
Then say it.
I have nothing to prove to you.
You can't say it. can you?
Say it.
Say her name.
I cannot and I will not
talk about... her.
We're leaving. Robert.
- Hm.
- I'm driving.
Hmm.
Goodbye. Martin.
I'm sorry.